feat: Decouple `extensionLayerVersion` from `addLayers` (#303)
DataDog/datadog-cdk-constructs: README.md

| `javaLayerVersion`           | `java_layer_version`            | Version of the Java layer to install, such as `8`. Required if you are deploying at least one Lambda function written in Java and `addLayers` is `true`. Find the latest version number in the [Serverless Java installation documentation][15]. **Note**: `extensionLayerVersion >= 25` and `javaLayerVersion >= 5` are required for the Datadog construct to instrument your Java functions properly.               |
| `dotnetLayerVersion`         | `dotnet_layer_version`          | Version of the .NET layer to install, such as `13`. Required if you are deploying at least one Lambda function written in .NET and `addLayers` is `true`. Find the latest version number from [here][18].                                                                                                                                                                                                             |

> | `extensionLayerVersion`      | `extension_layer_version`       | Version of the Datadog Lambda Extension layer to install, such as 5. When `extensionLayerVersion` is set, `apiKey` (or if encrypted, `apiKMSKey` or `apiKeySecretArn`) needs to be set as well. When enabled, lambda function log groups will not be subscribed by the forwarder. Learn more about the Lambda extension [here][12]. If this is set, this will add a layer regardless of the `addLayer` configuration. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `extensionLayerVersion`      | `extension_layer_version`       | Version of the Datadog Lambda Extension layer to install, such as 5. When `extensionLayerVersion` is set, `apiKey` (or if encrypted, `apiKMSKey` or `apiKeySecretArn`) needs to be set as well. When enabled, lambda function log groups will not be subscribed by the forwarder. Learn more about the Lambda extension [here][12]. **Note**: If this parameter is set, it adds a layer even if `addLayers` is set to `false`. |
```

Reviewer: (assuming that this is equivalent to the original, that is)
